It's important to remember that averages have a couple universal properties:

1) The average of a set is always calculated by: (X(1) + X(2) + X(3) + ... + X(Y)) / Y
		Where each X represents a number at a specific place in the set, each (#) represents the position in the set, and
		      each Y represents the total number of items in the set.
		In layman's terms, this means that an average is computed by adding up all the numbers in a set
		and dividing that by the total number of items in the set.
		
2) The average of multiple sets can be calculated by simply adding the average of each individual set together IF AND ONLY IF
		the sets don't become a single set of numbers in the end.
			This rule can be applied to dice because, when you roll a set of multiple dice, each individual die's statistics don't change
			and your result is essentially the equivalent of rolling each die individually.
				You can check this idea yourself by calculating some averages (The proof is done for you below)
						-> Proof that this proof works for individual sets 
						(I.e. you can add the averages together to get the average of multiple individual sets):
							We'll use 2d4.
								All possible results of rolling 2d4 are = 
									(2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 7, 7, 8)
									Total = 80      Average = 5
									The average of rolling 1d4 is 2.5
									If we add together the averages of 1d4 + 1d4 
									we get 5. Same as if we do the calculation above. This is the proof.
						-> Proof that this DOESN'T work against combined sets (i.e. 1d8 isn't the same average as 2d4)
									This one doesn't need to be proven with math, it's just an idea:
										The average of 1d8 isn't the same as 2d4 because merged sets
										aren't the same as individual sets. Basically, if you had two
										sets of numbers (1, 3, 5, 7) and (2, 4, 6, 8). Their averages
										added together are NOT the same as their average as one combined set
										because the set produces a single average when combined.
											Instead, as long the set contains the same number of terms, the
											average of a combined set is equal to the AVERAGE of each set's average.
								********You don't need to know the second proof for this project, but it's an interesting thing to know.
										The only proof you need to know for this project is the one that says averages of individual sets
										can be added together to equal the average of a group of sets (i.e. the first one proof of property 2).

				